# 🥷 **Shroudify**

Remember Cloakify? Well, this is that.  
~~But worse, **in node.js**.~~  

------

## 🤔 **What**

This project is a not-really-clean-room port of the [**Cloakify**](https://github.com/TryCatchHCF/Cloakify) project into the node.js ecosystem as a library.

**Don't know what the Cloakify project is?**  
Basically, it's text-based steganography, which means, hiding files/data in text.

------

## 📚 **How to use**

Simple, first install the module in your project:  

`npm i shroudify`  or  `yarn add shroudify`

then import it:

`const shroudify = require("shroudify")` or `import shroudify from shroudify`

There are two methods, `.encode(input, {options})` and `.decode(input, {options})`.

> The thing has JSDoc typings w/ explanatory descriptions, btw. So this explanation's only good if you're trying it out on runkit or smth.

`input` can either be a `string` or a `Buffer`.

The `options` object can contain any of these:

- **Cipher**  
  The cipher to use, can be one of the premade ciphers' name, or a path to a file containing 65 strings, with 1 string per row.
- **Rounds**  
  The number of base64 encoding rounds to be done, good for injecting dead data, isn't _that_ useful to prevent brute-force, however.  
  In fact, this could even compromise the secrecy of the system by providing more data on the cipher itself.
- **Key**  
  The key to use for encryption. If set, the data will first be encrypted through AES-256 before being encoded. Currently the library only supports encryption through AES-256 w/o any native support for custom providers.
- **Compression**
  The encryption level to use (0-9). If set, the data will be compressed using brotli. Currently brotli is the only available provider for compression, though support for more is planned (PRs are welcome *wink wink*).
- **Seed**  
  The seed for shuffling the cipher wordlist.
- **writeFile**  
  A path. If set, this will append to the file specified.
- **Join**  
  The character that joins the encoded message's strings, by default it is `" "`, however `"\n"`, for example, can allow for line-based cipher strings.

Both methods return a `string`.

------

## 🔢 **Premade Ciphers**

Current out-of-the-box ciphers:

- `urls`
  > Random URLs I generated on some random URL generator.
- `kek`
  > Weird shits that popped into my head while devving this.
  **_The `kek` cipher is filled with "questionable"/NSFW language, ple
ase don't use it in an unsuitable production environment._**
- `randomwords`
  > Random words generated by [niceware](https://www.npmjs.com/package/niceware)

------

## 📜 **License**

Shroudify is licensed under `apache-2.0`, dew any project you'd like n habe fun!
